today on topid cast we're going to be
watching Alice once again we're finding
a lot of replays from them recently with
a diddy brother Captain Manet Manet
alert he's going to be facing off
against damos and his Tech
Marine starting to La interceptors I
mean intercept is logical against Tech
Marine right he's going to be shooting
the [__] at you you kind of want to
overwhelm him in melee particularly good
if you've got the
BC that's a point for us sir yeah let's
see I mean I
guess not quite as effective at wiping
things on Retreat when you're fighting
Space Marines probably pretty good
against other squishier factions I am
under assault we'll see strategic asset
cap pretty good initially engagement
there the two ranged units able to force
off the BC here doesn't want to
commit cuz the main value you get out
the BC early is the fact that he doesn't
bleed and he can type one of these units
for ages now in contrast if either of
these units encounter IST they'll have a
very good time the Scouts can do okay if
they're already in green cover when the
IST run down and meet them but if they
both meet in the open then the scouts
will lose which is good cuz Scouts are
both cheaper and they move around the
map faster as well so
I Amed by enemy fire they will win on
map control compared to IST and that's
why Alice isn't trying to compete in
that game he's only going for one is
versus the two Scouts deos and there you
go we get the big engagement waits for
the strike Squad to be in range before
he hits with we are the
hammer but he's got to get out of there
your brothers Kraken rounds adding a bit
of DPS there onto the strikes and got to
be careful with the Tech
Marine does get them out nice use the
line of sight blocker there
though that point must be ours but good
micro from deos in response doesn't move
too close but now he's engaging with the
cover as he advances which is nice going
to be able to force off the the scouts
quite easily with the strike
Squad St Bol is pretty effective there
can he get another model can indeed two
models down not
bad it yeah doesn't want to risk losing
another model though one of our key
attacked by the enemy
where are the IST oh they're down there
okay and just operatives coming out over
this way they can handle these Scouts
one onone would be different if the
Scouts have their Serge and their
shotguns
though which will probably see at some
point in response to these operatives
you're going to have to get a sge well
we don't have to I suppose especially if
you don't go devs oh de did go devs okay
fair
enough he's going to need to get the
Scout sge then for detection and
operation bit of a random smoke grenade
there Scouts are just running around
capping little bit slow of a reaction
there from deos but yeah now he
realizes he's getting hunted and he's in
a bit of a precarious situation there
but good set up by the Devastator not
full HP on the BC oh but he's focusing
the strikes not the BC it doesn't matter
yeah he's got plenty of time holy [__]
is he going to kill the BC there's a bit
of RNG on the distribution of damage
from the heavy Bolter and that was some
pretty good damage right there from the
Devastators but yeah Piana shouldn't
have engaged so close he was nowhere
near getting into melee with them
especially given that they opened up on
the strikes first not the
BC so pretty po player there and that is
going to make him suffer quite a lot
actually the replacing of the BC there
means he can't drop down the two
generators that he would have liked to
have dropped so he's only running one
gen deos has got three gens and deos has
an extra Squad so overall pretty good
start for deos
Alice is up in VPS cuz deos hasn't
really been contending the contested
side of the
map but that's
fine just means an economic lead for
deos it is a bit of a dodgy map though
with the VPS you don't want to let them
get too far
ahead it's very easy to defend this top
area no Vengeance rounds pretty good
damage
again might have been a bit of path
block there from the attacks not sure
but BC gets forc
off strike Squad upgraded here with turn
to Titan a bit more HP and some HP regen
they've got the advantage of the green
cover here which is helping them quite a
lot especially now that the tacken the
crack Kraken rounds tacken rounds Kraken
rounds on the tack have worn
off but yeah most of the force has been
pushed off here Alice holding The High
Ground it is a good opportunity see
foros to rotate over and attack the Gen
Farm which only has two gens as well now
we will note that Alice has built this
contested node here and he might
honestly need to drop down another gen
on this side BC's coming out on his own
not realizing of course that there are
Devastators in the back here I'm just
going to have to leave didn't even have
full HP coming out of the base there an
attempted Retreat
grenade man that probably would have
killed if that hit jeez that would have
probably been the game so Alice realizes
he's completely out of position here so
he's simply going to go for a counter
bash he's actually going tier two
already which is not great for him going
tier two with very little power income
he is definitely going to have to drop a
gen on the contested here and let's see
how much he can actually claim in terms
of a counter
bash so there's a smoke shuts The Tech
Marine up for a little
bit but he's lost his entire Farm as
Alice yeah
Tech Marines a bit of a
pain and just take the Garrison over
here now you've got Scouts rotating in
our advance two upgraded Scouts here so
we've got potential Retreat
grenades deed
Ander I encountered all these marines
they've got to get out of there oh God
strikes getting hit by the grenade over
this side and what happened to the
opport okay they did manage to sneak
away from the Tech Marine they're going
to rotate to the hillside so what did he
get a gen he got a
gen and he has had to replace the gens
on this side he didn't have his found
Decap but he did have the power no
destroyed I've got to say BC has been
controlled absolutely beautifully here
he's done absolutely [__] all in the
entire game so far it
seems right
here shotguns from the operatives doing
nothing there because the scouts are
protected by the green cover
Scouts are so good in this matchup cuz
you're seeing that when they've got
these two upgrades they're able to solo
IST and operatives easily which is
partially why I wouldn't go
operatives find them a bit of an odd
choice in the
matchup you're losing a lot of map
control due to it cuz not only are these
soloing your I see are the operatives
and there's two of them but like I said
earlier they're faster as well and as
they get into the back lines they can
start Retreat grenade in you which is
pretty brutal deos right now going for
the Decap not the actual destroy on
these gens quite confident of his
situation but he has got a rhino to
contend
with and Alice has managed to scrim up
enough power from this contested power
Farm to get the Rhino into a Razer back
but that's going to be pretty much the
end of his power for a while 20 power
here and it did get
decapped Renegade Cur
D's probably regretting the fact that he
didn't destroy these generators because
now he is a little bit doomed
en yeah no way to count on the Raz back
obviously deos only just hit tier two
now let's see what his response is going
to
be you have to get the melter I would
assume on the Tech Marine it feels very
free not only is it an a weapon but it's
also good against everything including
the heavy infantry strike Squad
so that seems kind of
no-brainer we'll see what else he gets
he does have a Dev if he wants a last
Cannon and he's got a last Cannon so
last Canon plus the melter gun should be
sufficient to deal with it and then you
avoid having to purchase the missile tax
which you know 30 3% reduction in your
anti-infantry DPS and a massive sunk
cost in power it's not ideal to get the
the missile
launcher he's not actually he's going
for Signum armor and a librarian as his
priority I wonder if he'll get melted
afterwards
I probably
would even with veil of time it's still
tough to take down a razor back with a
last Cannon but we'll
see Scout attack right here we are under
attack we are sustaining loses to enemy
action I am under I've got to say IST
operatives and the BC not really doing a
whole lot in this game so far it
seems yeah in spite of that I with a
focus on the upper part of the map yeah
Alice has been dominating the VP
situation we'll see how relevant that
becomes Terminator librarian coming out
now for
Alice is interesting oh showing rear
armor is that got the right Arc it does
how was that not a rear armor hit what
the
[__] going drop down the smoke shouldn't
have get the damage yeah been get most
of it that was a reare armor hit but
there goes the smoke shell from the
operatives V time still out active
though operative is going to run into
melee desperate plays librarian and
retreat with a Power sword is a bit
brutal now all these guys are going to
do even more damage terminate librarian
charging into melee against the normal
librarian and dropp in a
sanctuary will e anything that comes
into
it like so still no jens's up for Alice
on this side of the map but he did
manage to recapture this part with the
strike Squad who don't have a JY car yet
surprisingly the enemy is one of our
such a powerful buff to the squad to get
that JY
car all the extra HP that the other
models get very very
powerful so I'm surprised not to see it
but it wouldn't help in these situations
and indeed there we go we see the melter
gun as well on the Tech Marine why
not it's just going to control that
Razer back especially when you use line
of sight blockers which are quite common
on this map you know if you stand here
the Razer back can't come up either of
the these angles which is lovely cuz
then you can Zone this whole area where
your last Cannon or you could have your
last Cannon down here and protect that
side so you're really just zoning out
where the Razer back can exert its
pressure initial shot there from the
Devastator is wasted on the librarian
and a powerful Smite from the librarian
as
well Razer back going to do too much
damage right now only the stormbolt are
firing in
he's got the warding staff on the
brother Captain right now and he's
warding the librarian which feels
slightly redundant because the big buff
about Ward is the fact that it grants
knockback immunity but the Terminator
librarian already has knockback immunity
cuz he's in Terminator armor but it
still gives him more damage
resistance IC now picking up
some plasma guns and the
sge and the sge the so they're going to
be pretty good at Trading generator you
can see they fed off the T Marine
eventually there I don't know how much
HP he had initially though mustn't have
had a lot probably getting shot while he
was capping that yeah deos probably
really regretting not destroying these
gens I think he would have been in a
much better situation if he did it's
allowed Alice to get quite a lot of
resources once again Alice retakes this
contested power
farm D must going for a dreadnut wow
okay for the Oro malus yeah I mean this
is one of the big disadvantages of going
and terminate a librarian very nice
utility for anti-infantry but not really
any help against Vehicles so we'll
see halt your
progress deploy War gear for altered
Battlefield
conditions operatives will provide piano
with a little bit of utility in against
the
dreadn they've got that nice melter gun
sorry melter bomb not melter gun
oh good range there but smoke going to
delay along with ist repairs and of
course ter librarian just charges it to
M with his suppression immunity and he's
not like immunity and that shuts up the
Laz R back going to bleed some TS they
probably want to get out of there they
do retreat in time Tech Marine's trying
to contribute but he's going to get tied
up by the
BC that's an easy man Tera is in play
for some reason and that's going to be
the end of the Tech Marine yeah serious
damage coming out of the BC now that
he's picked up the Nemesis warding staff
75 DPS p is pretty pretty scary let's be
real him and the K SL by default it
really does feel like their Paper Tigers
their actual damage just is is not very
good wow nearly killed that strike Squad
there holy [__] 10 HP on that model is
he going to kill him with both pistol
shots one
HP wow
okay but there is a melted dread not
right here the BC needs to
leave yeah so man Tera it improves your
energy economy extra 20 energy Max not5
Energy regen but most importantly to
synergize with that it reduces your
ability cool Downs by 20% which in turn
means that you can use more Wards and
more weeler hammers so it has good
Synergy with these ability using repy
War gears so the hammer all the warding
staff so you can use their abilities
more
often for the Ordo
malus so yeah we've got the melter
dreadnut out right now and perversely
that requires in the current dawn of War
I meta a vindicare assassin because a
vindicare assassin is primarily hard AV
but the beautiful thing with him is once
you kill the vehicle he's still okay
because he does still have a very
powerful sniper which does things
against infantry so he's a bit of both
but he's definitely primarily an a unit
you wouldn't purchase him really unless
you're fighting like triple setup teams
or something weird like that against
infantry you wouldn't do it you get him
to counter Vehicles first and foremost
and then when you kill the vehicle he's
still relevant and I really hate this
design and I do advocate for a bit of a
rework to him so he isn't hard a I think
it's cool that he has some a utility
certainly in the tabletop his turbo
penetrator rounds have a lot of anti
vehicle relevance but he's still not
ultimately a hard a
purchase I'd like to see the turbo
penetrator rounds debuff vehicles but
only do about 40 or 50 damage per hit
something a lot more
negligible there goes the melter bomb
and there go some turbo penetrate rounds
and you can see it's starting to chip
down the dreadnut but of course the
vindicare Assassin right now very very
close to the dread not it could just
turn around and deal with it which it
probably should it's incurring a lot of
free damage right now I don't know why
the operatives decided they were going
to melee the dreadn right there V
assassin not in the correct position
here yeah unable to shoot the dreadnut
thanks to that cover which it so
wonderfully just
broke dreadnut obviously was trying to
prioritize going after the Razer back
but whilst he was sted by the melter
bomb it wasn't really going to be able
to achieve
that and they shall know no fear causing
the strikes to just say nah I'm all
right they're going to get knocked over
constantly while that's active so they
wouldn't output a lot of damage and then
the dreadnut would be shooting them so
they'd risk losing models it's not worth
it just get out of there especially when
Alice has the VP advantage and therefore
has the time our enemies are capturing a
victory
Point reporting enemy contact needs to
get out of Turbo penetrate arounds if
he's not shooting The
Dread pretty crazy flank from the Razer
back here getting very close to the
dreadn BC obviously prioritizing getting
rid of the last devs which is smart good
special attack there but he's going to
have to leave ooh should be all right
300 HP
yeah it's
fine no glory vy's chipping it down I
mean look how effective this is just as
a single piece of
a begin it's really really dealing with
this
dreadnut which seems it seems wrong now
obviously if the AV was a lot weaker
like I'm suggesting he would need Buffs
in the anti-infantry department his
sniper rifle whilst fine is not enough
to Warrant the purchase in tier two uh
at the
moment so I'm thinking he should get
like a an ability to toggle to a pistol
as
well and the pistol would obviously have
much shorter range than the sniper rifle
but it would do like Splash damage with
an
ability oh my God that was very sloppy
micro there from Alice holy [__] really
late on his Retreat there and punish
dearly for it dreadn right now
unfortunately Focus firing anything but
the
Rino yeah well it zones it if nothing
else a little bit late with the
Devastators another BC bomb rush into
the de's for them
is under
attack you know we're
ready operatives really just running
around avoiding fighting and just
capping the map which is kind of
funny the enemies of man are capturing
one of our strategic
points I mean piano's doing a decent job
splitting up around the map and putting
pressure in whatever he
can Devastator has found us space
librarian will be pretty good in this
fight with his Force Rod he does
actually do better DPS than the
Terminator librarian shall it be but
yeah Sanctuary does
help but you don't knock over the melter
dreadn I return
to oh he sets it up nicely here Lev's in
the back melter dread not in melee that
is the end of the Razer back I am
shocked that that Lev was in position
here comes a grey Knight dreadn but the
levs are still here they should get line
of sight oh he just Retreats reporting
enemy contact huh why did he retreat was
that a
misclick that must have been a misclick
man just getting a snare on this thing
so it didn't get the free chops would be
very
nice now with the Inferno
flamer The Inferno Cannon I believe it's
called he I believe gets 20% melee
resist whereas with the melter
they get zero have points but the strike
Squad right now should be tying up the
Tech Marine The Tech Marine contributing
melter damage would be a lot more
impactful trying to force off the strike
Squad first though for some
reason are I repairing this they're not
repairing the I need to be repairing the
r out dreadn right now what on Earth
they doing stri Squad managed to take
out the Tech Marine but they are paying
dearly for it oh my God they're so low
what's he doing he forgot about
them oh wow the ISC were not repairing
the entire [__] time
dude oh my God and he swaps to a melter
in the end as well on his own gight
dreadnut to just ensure that the Space
Marine dreadnut can't escape but loads
of resources in the bank for deos he
could easily replace this dreadnut he
did lose one of his Scouts where did he
lose the scouts oh God they died over
here to the librarian in that fight he
wasn't paying attention wow big losses
there for deos lost the Tech Marine lost
the Scout Squad and his dreadnut and in
contrast Alice only losing the strike
Squad
there I have nothing left to suffer yeah
let's get to it so predictably yeah
damos is going to just replace the
dreadnut he's got the resources in the
bank and it's going to take a very long
time for Alice to fully repair this Grey
Knight dreadnut with only one repair
support available to him at the
moment our enemies have won
yeah good [__] triple operatives killed
BC denied the cap there beautifully and
they got to get out of there I think oh
he's actually gone for a late IST Squad
wow interesting I mean yeah you can see
with plasma guns and upgrades they're
pretty decent against
taxs even just with a sge yeah then you
got impact grenades as
well see you
later deploying
generator but yeah I like this
player it's pretty good he needs the
extra repair
support so it makes sense IST just
trying to focus off the lazev which they
do but there is a melee dread rotating
around and that thing has full melee
resist so yeah
the Mel dread for the OM has to get out
of there remember there is this Tech
Marine with a melun as well which is a
big threat that was a beautiful
Emperor's fist bloody hell nearly wiping
one of the squads
a lot of bleed
there you know we're ready operatives
coming out without full models I mean
this is fair enough he hasn't really
been using them in combat just for the
melter bomb and then running away and
capping so it's fine he's going to do
that again snare it get some chip damage
in with the the
melter whilst it tries to approach but
we've got blessings of the omnis there
and the Tech Marine rotating over it's a
lot of damage Tech Marine's far on the
Move capabilities with this damn melter
are really good oh nice fist again
catches the BC out oh the special hits
both brutal wow the Tech Marine [__]
killed the dreadnut wow wow wow yeah I'm
guessing he used the mar Target as well
there which gives a huge boost in damage
the holy orders of the Inquisition are
never truly defeated I am stunned it
killed it so fast God yeah I mean a bit
of a misplay to commit to trying to take
on this dreadnut knowing there is a Tech
Marine with that melter gun if you don't
have your two I
around they'd be able to focus down the
T Marine quite easily or you just stay
stationary and repair it if the
dreadnots melling your dreadnut it
doesn't do that much damage on when you
got double repairs going
on yeah a bit of a crazy game really I
mean a lot of misplays on both off sides
but an interesting matchup I really
don't think the BC did too much I'm not
sure if the ward was worthwhile I guess
it was fine it probably contributed
enough to Warrant not going for the the
pure damage
halber but generally I feel like the BC
didn't really achieve a lot there we'
seen canle of absolution in one of the
engagements over here I didn't call it
out cuz it wasn't really that relevant
it didn't feel um not really any mind
blades but to be honest the strike Squad
struggled to make an impact I can see
how definitely going interceptors rather
than operatives would have a lot more
utility here I think just classic
classic grite build of 2 IST into
interceptors would would have done a lot
better not having the repair scaling
really
sucks it really
does especially if you go for grey out
dreadnut they've got such a high HP
pool it feels like you're not using them
propably if you're not fighting with
full HP each engagement but only having
one IST you're not going to find the
time to get full HP I think biggest
mistake really from deos here was not
destroying this gen F when he had the
opportunity in trying to cap
it not realizing quite how far ahead
Alice was in tier one and even though
deos did get the bash Alice obviously
only went three units in tier one so Deo
should have predicted that he should
have bashed it even though he did Decap
it Alice was able to recap it twice
quite quickly and that gave Alice enough
resources to stay in the game getting
the double vindicar assassin the
Terminator librarian and eventually the
GRE night dreadn but that is going to be
all for you br to of this time hope you
enjoyed that one folks I am signing out
[Music]